# Introduction #
This GUI is just a wrapper over the [OpenBiomind](http://code.google.com/p/openbiomind/). It provides a convenient way of executing various tasks supported by OpenBiomind. In addition, it also provides a few advanced options to chain multiple tasks together (please see the [list of features](FeatureList.md) for details).
Following is a brief description about the user interface. The interface primarily consists following two views in addition to the _main editor area_. If you ever close these views and want to open them again, then you can do that by selecting `Show View` option from the `Window` menu.

## Results ##
This view shows all the results. Once a task is executed, a new folder for that task is created and it is shown in this view. This folder contains following items:
  * **Folder `<task.Name>`**, where `Name` is the name of the task that you executed contains the following two folders
    * **Folder `input`** contains links to all the _input_ files and directories for that task
    * **Folder `output`** contains links to all the _output_ files and directories for that task
      * If [Graphviz](http://www.graphviz.org/) **dot** utility is set in the preferences and if the output contains `dot` files, then the _automatically_ generated image is stored as a file, and **NOT** as a link
  * **File `execution.log`** contains the output generated while executing the tasks
**NOTE:** If you executed multiple tasks using the `Advanced` option in `Tasks` menu, then there would be multiple folders of the form `<task.Name1>`, `<task.Name2>`, and so on

## Console ##
This view shows the executed tasks, the actual Java command that can be used to execute the task and the errors generated by OpenBiomind. Occasionally, it may also list other useful information.